WebAPI: Clean syntax from property pages, part 1 (#14195)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/animationevent/pseudoelement/index.md

If the animation doesn't run on a pseudo-element but on the element, an empty string:
` ''``. `

## Value

> A {{domxref("DOMString")}}, starting with `'::'`, containing the name of the [pseudo-element](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-elements) the animation runs on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string, starting with `'::'`, containing the name of the [pseudo-element](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-elements) the animation runs on.
```

If the animation doesn't run on a pseudo-element but on the element, an empty string:
` ''``. `

> ## Specifications

Reviewer: Ditto

Author: done
https://pr14195.content.dev.mdn.mozit.cloud/en-US/docs/Web/API/AnimationEvent/pseudoElement

> ## Specifications

Author: ```suggestion
## Value

A {{domxref("DOMString")}}, starting with `'::'`, containing the name of the [pseudo-element](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-elements) the animation runs on.

## Specifications
```
